docs: update documentation for multi-auth plugin (#10524)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/multi-auth.md

## Description

The `multi-auth` Plugin is used to add multiple authentication methods to a Route or a Service. It supports plugins of type 'auth'. You can combine different authentication methods using `multi-auth` plugin.

> This plugin will go through the list of auth plugins configured in `auth_plugins` field until the request is sucesfully authenticated. That means route can be shared between different consumers using different auth methods. If a consumer is using basic, he would be able to authenticate using basic, if another user uses jwt, he would be able to authenticate using jwt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin provides a flexible authentication mechanism by iterating through the list of authentication plugins specified in the `auth_plugins` attribute. It allows multiple consumers to share the same route while using different authentication methods. For example, one consumer can authenticate using basic authentication, while another consumer can authenticate using JWT.
```
